---
layout: post
title: February Bits
date: ‘2023-02-16’
categories: bits
tags: random
---


This is a running daily post of current actions in February

February 23 5:38PM

Today I had meetings with Mac and Pub-a-thon. In the morning between meetings I also reorganized my office and unpacked all office supplies following my recent move. In the afternoon, I worked on running an alignment with bowtie2 of the manila clam *Ruditapes philippinarum* genome against littleneck clam *leukoma staminea* transcripts of gill tissue to see if this may help in building the trancriptome for littlenecks. Then I worked on editing a manuscript following co-author comments to reduce word count.

Tomorrow I will be going to Manchester to do normal MWF maintenance, following which I will continue to work on the manuscript and also write a cover letter for the submission.

February 17 5:08PM

Today I went to Manchester and do normal MWF maintenance, as well as take alkalinity samples.
I reveiwed an Individual Development Plan and provided Mac with a timeline for completion.
I wasn't able to get to running a bowtie alignment, but I will make this a priority to do on Monday

Monday I plan to go to Manchester to do normal MWF maintenance
I plan to work on the bowtie alignment
I plan to research feeding rate studies

February 16 5:29PM

Today I finished preparing a manuscirpt about Tilapia salinity tolerance to send to my co-author Dietmar Kueltz, and sent it out. We will plan to meet to review the changes next week
I entered data related to T0 measurements of Condition Index and did preliminary data processing. 
I determined water parameters including pCO2, aragonite, and calcite for the experiment done in 2022.

Tomorrow I plan to go to Manchester and do normal MWF maintenance, as well as take alkalinity samples.
I plan to reveiw a Individual Development plan and provide Mac with a timeline for completion.
I plan to work on running a bowtie alignement of Manila clam genome with littleneck clam transcripts. 
I plan to look at feeding rate studies in preparation of working on this experiment next week.